CHANGELOG: Added note on bug fix for bitbucketserver repo description (#47094)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed a bug where saving default Sort & Limit filters in Code Insights did not persist [#46653](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46653)
- Restored the old syntax for `repo:contains` filters that was previously removed in version 4.0.0. For now, both the old and new syntaxes are supported to allow for smooth upgrades. Users are encouraged to switch to the new syntax, since the old one may still be removed in a future version.

> - Fixed a bug where the `repo:has.description()` parameter now shows description on Bitbucket server repos, previously it shows the repo name [#46752](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46752/files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the `repo:has.description()` parameter now shows description on Bitbucket server repos, previously it shows the repo name [#46752](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46752)
```

- Fixed a bug where saving default Sort & Limit filters in Code Insights did not persist [#46653](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46653)
- Restored the old syntax for `repo:contains` filters that was previously removed in version 4.0.0. For now, both the old and new syntaxes are supported to allow for smooth upgrades. Users are encouraged to switch to the new syntax, since the old one may still be removed in a future version.
- Fixed a bug where removing an auth provider would render a user's Account Security page inaccessible if they still had an external account associated with the removed auth provider. [#47092](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/47092)

> - Fixed a bug where the `repo:has.description()` parameter now shows description on Bitbucket server repos, previously it shows the repo name [#46752](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46752)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the `repo:has.description()` parameter now correctly shows description of a repository synced from a Bitbucket server code host connection, while previously it used to show the repository name instead [#46752](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46752)
```
